70 second llm pass dataset preparation (#78)
ZPP-MURMURAS/ZPP_Murmuras: research/second_llm_pass/ds_gen/readme.md

# Coupon selecting dataset

> This directory contains a script that can be used for creating and publishing datasets for coupon selection task.<br/>

Reviewer: Change to "... datasets for the coupon selection task"

Author: done

Running the script:<br/>
```bash
python generate_coupon_selection_ds.py <config_path> <ds_name>
```
Where `config_path` is a path to the configuration file in format demonstrated by `example_config.json` file. <br/>
To run the script `HF_HUB_KEY` env variable is expected to be set to your access key to hf hub.
## Dataset Format

> The dataset contains list of pairs of sequence of words and labels:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The dataset contains a list of pairs of word sequences and labels:
```

Added 'a', and less "of" to make it easier to read.

Author: done

* TAG_UNKNOWN: not a coupon
* TAG_B_COUPON: start of coupon content
* TAG_I_COUPON: inside coupon content
## Example config explained
* `config["frames"]`: list of pairs of frames with screen content and coupons
  * `config["frames"][i]["format"]`: format of frame; datasets from `coupons_1` have `format=1`, and datasets from `coupons big` have `format=2`
* `config["json_format"]`: whether to produce output in form of split json string instead of plain text tokens
## Some design choices

> ### Matching coupons

Reviewer 2: Why? I assume that you want to "extract" coupons stored in coupons files from the content_generic files, but it's not clear from the context.

Author: I have added an additional description. Please let me know if it is satisfying.

Reviewer 2: gj

# Coupon selecting dataset
This directory contains a script that can be used for creating and publishing datasets for the coupon selection task.<br/>

> The script works on a pair of a coupon frame and a content frame. It founds coupons from the first file inside the content file.<br/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The script works on a pair of a coupon frame and a content frame. It finds coupons from the first file in the second file.<br/>
```
